Every configuration screen in Wash Central lives behind one gear.
p02
Click it.
p03
Settings opens as its own full-screen area, with its own sidebar and its own front door.
p04
Setup tickets all end up here sooner or later,
p05
so this walk is about learning the floor plan before you need it.
p06
Check the counter, top right.
p07
Sixteen categories, ninety two pages.
p08
That's the platform's entire configuration surface in one line.
p09
Nobody memorizes ninety two pages.
p10
You memorize how they're grouped, and the groups do the remembering for you.
p11
Below the heading sits a search box.
p12
When you already know the page name, type it here and jump straight in.
p13
Much faster than scanning cards.
p14
We'll leave it empty today and learn the layout the slow way, once.
p15
Now sweep the card grid.
p16
Sixteen cards, one per category, each with a one line summary of what it holds.
p17
Locations, payments, hardware, the customer portal, the A-I agent.
p18
This lesson stays inside the first card, General,
p19
because that's where a client's account and org structure are defined.
p20
Open General.
p21
The sidebar expands to nine pages, and the first of them, Account Information, opens on its own.
p22
Read the names as they appear: profit centers, departments, categories.
p23
Those three are the spine we came for.
p24
Start at the top of Account Information.
p25
Fifty six locations across fifteen states,
p26
running in multi operation mode on an active license.
p27
This page is the client's site registry.
p28
When you need to confirm what a client actually runs, and where, this is the record of truth.
p29
Scan the list below.
p30
Each row is one site with its company, its operation mode, and its contact details.
p31
There's a New Record button at the top right.
p32
Locate it, then leave it alone.
p33
Adding a site is production admin work, never part of a training walk.
p34
Next page: Profit Centers.
p35
Four records.
p36
Wash, lube, detail, and store.
p37
These are the top level revenue buckets,
p38
and every sale in the platform rolls up into exactly one of them.
p39
Four short rows that shape every financial report the client will ever read.
p40
Now Departments.
p41
The same four names again, and that's the point.
p42
Departments map the operational side of the business onto those same revenue buckets,
p43
so labor and sales line up when a report compares them.
p44
All four active, all maintained by Micro Logic.
p45
Then Categories, where the detail lives.
p46
The tiles say forty nine.
p47
The list header says sixty six records.
p48
They disagree, and the list wins; trust the table count, not the tile.
p49
Each category refines one profit center,
p50
which is how a single wash bucket splits into dozens of reportable lines.
p51
One more page, and it comes with a trick.
p52
Dashboard Settings is filed under Analytics, not General, whatever older material tells you.
p53
The platform wins.
p54
Ten dashboards, one per user level,
p55
deciding what an administrator, a manager, or a cashier sees the moment they sign in.
p56
Click Close Settings.
p57
You're back in the app, exactly where you left it.
p58
Five pages read, nothing touched.
p59
So that's the General group.
p60
The Settings home reaches ninety two pages, and search jumps you to any of them.
p61
Account Information holds the sites.
p62
Profit centers, departments, and categories classify every sale, in that order.
p63
And Dashboard Settings lives under Analytics,
p64
which will save you a hunt the first time someone asks.